- And I just stood there
in three feet of sewage water
as my shit was, like,
floating by me getting ruined,
and I just stared into the eye
of my boyfriend's
ex-girlfriend's butthole.
[dark electronic music]
♪ ♪
- Welcome to
"This Is Not Happening."
[moaning]
I'm your host, Roy Wood Jr.
Ooh, nice teeth.
[roaring]
You boys have a good time.
[whip snaps]
Oh-hoh.
Ladies.
[muffled] Tonight's episode
is all about romance.
[cheers and applause]
Her podcast is called
"Guys We Fucked."
Krystyna Hutchinson!
[cheers and applause]
- So, uh, three years ago,
my comedy partner,
Corinne Fisher and I,
we started "Guys We Fucked,"
the anti-slut shaming podcast.
[cheers and applause]
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
And we started
interviewing a guy
that one of us has fucked.
And in an attempt to kinda
learn more about ourselves,
and, you know, help maybe
shed the shame
that some people carry
on their shoulders
about their own sexuality.
And we kinda each went
into the podcast
having a person in our lives
that causes
a lot of emotional turmoil.
For Corinne, it was
her ex-boyfriend
who dumped her
out of the blue
and left her heartbroken.
For me, it was
a famous porn star named Stoya
who dated my boyfriend
for two years
right before I started
dating him.
Eh, comedy gold--uh--
But she's not what you think of
when people, like, think of
a typical porn star.
This girl is stunning.
Like, she has the face
of Megan Fox
and the body of Meagan Fox.
And then every once in a while,
she'll publish
this thinkpiece about sexuality
or feminism
that'll make you go wow,
that's brilliant.
You know, and when I first
met Stephen,
they were dating, it was on the
set of a music video
that he was directing
and I remember we were
on set one day and he--
yeah, my girlfriend's
a famous porn star name Stoya
and I was like, oh, word?!
Tell me everything!
And I just egged him on
to tell me
all these stories
about their sex life
and it was fascinating.
And a year later,
she dumps him,
leaves him heartbroken.
Seven days after that,
I start dating him.
And I gotta say,
if anybody in here
ever has the opportunity to see
their significant other's
very attractive,
very good at sex ex-girlfriend
do a hardcore anal scene with
a Coke can dick online, uh--
Don't take advantage
of that situation,.
It's gonna put you in a weird
place for a couple years
uh, turns out.
Yeah, then you're gonna do a
podcast where you interview
every guy you've
ever slept with
because you feel
femasculated.
That's what happens
when that happens.
Yeah, that's not a real word.
Uh, there's no word
in the English language
that is the female equivalent
of emasculated.
Which is fuckin'
insane to me.
Because that is the only
way I could begin to describe
how it feels to immediately
follow a girl
who, as part of her job,
she'll just walk on stage--
a stage exactly like this--
in front of a group of
strangers, right,
she'll just take off all her
clothes and come everywhere.
And then everyone's like, this
is the best day of my life!
I'll never forget this!
But then, for my job,
I walk on stage
in front of a group
of strangers--
fully clothed the whole time--
and then I'm just like,
hey,
does anybody wanna
hear a riddle? Or--no.
You guys wanna--
you wanna hear a riddle?
What do you do? You a teacher?
Oh, you're gonna
jerk off
to that girl's vagina?
Okay, that's fine.
No problem.
I'll keep my riddle right here.
Come to me when you're done.
Get it? Come?
[blows raspberry]
I don't know, whatever.
It was hard.
It was hard 'cause he was still
telling me
all these things
that I didn't wanna hear.
Like, one of the worst things
he told me
when we started dating was
he said,
sometimes Stoya, she would
take my hand
and put it up her skirt to let
me know how wet I made her
in public.
And I was like, ugh, God.
Do I gotta do that or--
I don't think I can do that.
[grumbles]
And I started
to notice things.
Like, I started to notice
that every porn store
in New York City,
they all have the same poster
hanging in front of their door.
And it's just all these chicks,
like, hot chicks with,
like, pirate outfits on.
One of 'em had an eye patch,
but she somehow,
like, made it hot.
It was very confusing.
And then one of the women
on the poster was Stoya.
And then she would
just stare at me
as I walked by like, my pussy's
better than yours, ha.
And I have an acting credit,
so fuck you.
A couple months in,
I was dating
I was at his apartment
in Brooklyn
where she used to live.
They broke up,
she moved out.
And I went to change
his sheets,
'cause it had been a while
and I removed the fitted sheet
off of his bed,
and I noticed
this large puddle stain
on his mattress.
And I was like, hey, Stephen,
can you come here
real quick? What--
Did you spill a gallon
of iced tea in your bed?
What the fuck is that?
And he's like, oh--
[inhales sharply]
uh--[laughs] Stoya,
when she has an orgasm,
she just squirts everywhere
and, you know--
Oh, she does?
Oh, that's great.
Cool, cool, cool.
Hey, would you be a dear,
get a new mattress pad, please?
Thank you.
When I first went into
his apartment,
I noticed the top of his
closet in his room,
he had all these boxes
on the top of his shelf
and they had
a naked lady on them.
And for the longest time,
I was like, I don't wanna know.
But then after
the jizz sheet thing,
I was like, eh, maybe
I wanna know.
And I took a closer look
and I noticed that
that naked lady was Stoya.
And I was like, hm,
Stephen? Question.
Quick question.
Uh, what the fuck are those?
And he was like, oh, uhh--
Those are Stoya's Fleshlights.
She forgot to take them
before she moved out.
I'm like, I'm sorry,
what's a Fleshlight?
Uh, if you don't know--
you know.
Uh, you look like
you've had a couple.
If you don't know, a Fleshlight
is a sex toy for a guy, okay?
It looks like a giant,
plastic flashlight.
You unscrew the cap,
and it's a pussy
that you stick
your penis in.
Or a butthole or a mouth.
And all the big porn stars
have a line of Fleshlights
that are molded off of
their actual
buttholes and vaginas
and mouths.
And he had 12 of them
up there on the shelf.
I was like, I don't think
you need any of those, right?
Isn't that, like,
the etiquette?
Like, you move on
from one girl to a new girl.
Right? You throw the old girl's
vagina in the trash.
It's, like,
the nice thing to do, right?
It's, like, polite.
It's, like, manners.
And he's like, oh, sorry,
I'll throw them out.
Thank you.
Uh, you know.
Very shortly after that,
Stoya's face appeared
on the cover of
the "Village Voice,"
which is a free newspaper
in New York City.
It's on every street corner
in a little, plastic kiosk.
Her face was on the cover
and the headline read,
"The Prettiest Girl in New York
is a Porn Star."
And it was on every fucking
corner that we went to!
And, like, my life--
there was a point
where my life just became
this horrible
nightmare fun house.
And instead of--
when I looked in the mirror,
instead of, like, seeing, like,
a 300 pound
version of myself
staring back at me,
it was just--
it was just Stoya.
Like, I would wake up
in his bed
in a pile of her stale jizz,
I'm like, all right,
that's fine.
Oh, whatever.
Just brush it off,
the past is the past.
And then I would
go to get dressed
and I'm just staring at a shelf
of her best-selling orifices.
And I'm like, all right,
cool, I'm gonna go out
and get a walk,
go for fresh air.
And then I would walk outside
and there she was,
hanging on the front
of a porn store
with a fuckin' pirate
outfit on like, ha,
I'm better
at sex than you, whatever, ehh.
Acting credit.
And then I would
literally walk ten feet
to any corner
and there she was again like,
and I'm prettier than you, so--
And this whole time, I was
building her up in my head
to be this huge bully.
It was tormenting me.
And sometimes I would
respond back out loud.
And I'd be like,
you're not better than me!
You're not prettier than me!
No, you're a fuckin' whore.
You're just
a fuckin' sex worker.
That's what you are.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, and there was
a couple times
where I debated like,
maybe I should just end it
and escape this shit
and never talk to him again
and I wouldn't feel this way.
But I couldn't because
as bad as that was,
it didn't compare to how good
it felt to hold Stephen's hand.
Or sit across
from him at dinner.
So I couldn't.
And I decided, you know what?
I gotta change my strategy.
I gotta change
what I'm doing here.
And I took a long, hard look
at all of my insecurities.
And I scooped 'em up
and I shoved 'em deep down
into a dark hole.
And I'm like,
I know what I gotta do.
I gotta one-up this bitch.
Don't ever try
to one-up a porn star.
It's not gonna work out well.
The first time that I went
to the ER for a sex injury
was Christmas of 2012.
It was our first
Christmas together.
I was so excited.
He got me the most
amazing gifts.
He got me this beautiful
vintage coat.
And I'm obsessed with pop corn.
I eat it every day.
And he got me
this giant suitcase
and I open it and it was filled
with 30 boxes of popcorn.
I was like, oh, my God.
You know me so well.
And then his parents
left the room
and he gave me another gift
and I unwrapped it
and it was the biggest dildo
that I have ever seen
in my entire life.
Didn't even know
they made 'em that big.
And, you know,
I had been bragging to him
this whole time about
sexual things that I didn't do,
but I said I did 'em.
And so out loud I was like,
oh, yeah.
This is a good size, yeah.
This is great.
But inside, I was like,
that's not gonna fit in there.
I don't think I can
fit that in my mouth, uh--
But I was really trying
to keep this ruse up.
So I was like,
we should use it tonight!
So we go back
to his apartment in Brooklyn.
And before I go into the bed,
I go in his bathroom
and I look in the mirror and I
give myself a little pep talk.
I'm like, Krystyna,
women have been pushing babies
out of their vaginas since
the beginning of time.
Okay, you were born--
you were born for this shit.
Okay? You're gonna go in there,
you're gonna take that dildo
like a grown-ass woman,
and you're not gonna
let him see you cry.
And then I burst
into the bedroom.
I'm like, where is it?
Ahh, I can't wait.
So excited, so wet.
And I purposely position
myself so that he was behind me
and he couldn't see me go,
like-- [laughs]
[crying]
Who's got an acting credit now,
bitch?
And the whole time,
I was like,
[inhales sharply]
Ooh, all right.
This is new, but, uh,
maybe this is what
I'm supposed to love.
We had sex and we went to bed.
It was okay.
But then in the middle
of the night, I woke up
with excruciating pain
in my lower abdomen.
And I woke Stephen up.
I was like, Stephen,
I don't know what
the fuck's happening,
but we need to go to the ER.
I don't know what's going on.
We get there and there was
no gynecologist on site.
And so they had to get
this very reluctant,
old, male doctor
to stick his fingers up me
and give me an exam.
And I was crying
because it hurt.
I was in so much pain,
but it also felt kinda rapey.
Like, I didn't
want him to do it.
He didn't wanna do it.
But it kinda had to get done.
And I was hold--Stephen was
squeezing my hand really tight
and I looked up at him
and he had a tear rolling
down his face and he was so sad
that I was in so much pain.
And it was this weird,
connected, beautiful moment.
And the doctor, he's like,
oh, you had
two cysts on your ovaries
burst.
And right as I was
about to say,
I took a bigger dildo than I
could handle, Doc, I'm sorry.
He cut me off, he's like, oh,
this happens to a lot of women,
and sometimes it happens
out of nowhere.
I'm like, oh, God,
thank God.
Praise the Lord. Okay, good.
Cool.
And then the second time
I went to the ER
for a sex injury, uh--
Uh, it was from butt stuff
gone awry, um--
I was just pretending
to love anal
and there was a lot
of bleeding involved.
And I wish I could say I
learned some beautiful lesson
from that story,
but it's just that
I had to eat more fiber.
That was all that was.
Yeah, that's all that was.
But, uh--
but shortly after that,
we moved in together.
And I never lived
with a boyfriend before.
I was so excited.
And about six months
into us living together,
Hurricane Sandy
hits New York City.
And our apartment is situated
in a flood A zone.
And if you don't know,
that is the floodiest zone.
That is the get the fuck
out of here zone.
But we stayed.
We were like,
ah, hurricane, schmurricane,
whatever.
And our apartment is a duplex.
The bottom level is in the
basement of the building.
And when Hurricane Sandy
was at its peak,
that basement level
ended up flooding
with three feet of
sewage water.
Which I didn't even know
was possible.
And it came up from the toilet
and the tub and the sink.
The lights were
flickering on and off.
I was like, holy shit,
this is Armageddon.
And, uh, and all of our shit
was getting ruined downstairs.
And we're running everything
upstairs as fast as we could.
And I go in the closet
of his office,
I go to grab a box,
I'm like, oh, my God.
A flashlight. Perfect.
And I grab it.
I grab it,
I couldn't really see.
And I unscrew the cap
and I was like oh, word.
There was no light bulb.
And I just stood there
in three feet of sewage water
as my shit was, like,
floating by me getting ruined,
and I just stared into the eye
of my boyfriend's
ex-girlfriend's butthole.
And all those insecurities
that I had shoved
deep, deep down
in that fuckin' hole
came bubbling right back up.
And I ran upstairs with her
butthole in my left hand
and I fuckin' let him have it.
I screamed at him.
Everything
that I had ever felt
about her came out onto him.
I wouldn't even let him talk.
And I was like, you said you
would throw these away.
You told me you would
throw these away.
And he goes I--I did.
I threw 'em away.
I kept one 'cause
I thought it was funny.
It's like how often
do you date somebody
with a bestselling butthole?
But that's when I knew,
oh-- [sighs]
You're over her.
I'm not.
And I still really--
it had been four years
since I'd been
feeling that way.
And I wanted so desperately
to get rid of it.
And we had been debating
interviewing her
on my podcast
for a long time.
And he would always go,
are you sure?
And then I would say
some sideways comment about her
or something shitty and he
would go, I'm not gonna
do that, I'm not gonna
put her in that position.
But that night, I was like,
oh, we're interviewing her!
And he was like,
okay, I'll ask her.
And the next day
she said, okay.
I'm like, oh,
she said, okay?
Okay, cool.
Um, that's fine.
It's fine. No, I'm glad.
And the morning
of the interview,
I remember I was at the studio,
I showed up
an hour early to smoke a pack
of cigarettes outside.
I was like,
she's not better than me.
She's not better--fuck her.
She's not better than me.
And she rounded the corner
and she had
this big, giant sweater on
and the fancy Starbucks up.
And she was like hey,
oh, this is
the weirdest day ever, right?
And I was like,
ohh, I love you. Ew.
Fuck!
And we interviewed her.
We interviewed her
and, uh,
and she began to tell me
all these stories
about people in her life
that think they know her
and they kinda treat her
like a second-class citizen
because of it.
Like, she can't get
an apartment in the city.
Like, nine times out of ten,
the landlord
will make her pay a year's
worth of rent up front.
So she can't get
a place to stay.
She has had bank accounts
get shut down on her
by multiple banks
and so have
all of her porn star friends
for no reason,
but, you know,
we know the reason.
And she's had men
say these foul things
to her on the street.
But one of the things
that she said
that really resonated with me
she goes, it feels like
I'm standing on top
of a pedestal
inside of a garbage can.
I was like, fuck.
But I was so upset with myself
'cause I realized ah, shit.
I'm a part of
the garbage can.
And I hated it.
But ever since that interview,
everything with Stephen and I,
it's like,
20,000 pounds of weight
lifted off of my shoulders,
and our relationship
has been amazing ever since.
I can be vulnerable with him.
I can be honest with him.
I'm sexually explorative
because I want to be.
But the best takeaway that I
got from interviewing her
was, you know, in terms of my
relationship with myself--
and especially with my
relationship with other women,
I don't wanna add
to the garbage.
I wanna be the pedestal.
[cheers and applause]
Thank you.
- Krystyna Hutchinson, ya'll.
♪ ♪